Terms of Use

Please read these terms of use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using this discord bot by ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these terms. These terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the service.
By accessing or using the service you agree to be bound by these terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the service.
Use License
Until an open-source release of our codebase, fxballs original materials are copyrighted and belong to Cerruhh and Joutubman.
Do not distribute our work or our sources without our consent.
Any other third party materials are under their respective licence.


Disclaimer
the materials on fxballs website are provided "as is". fxballs makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, fxballs does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on the website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to fxballs

Limitations
In no event shall the owners of fxballs or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit due to excessive procrastination) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on fx balls operating system, even if fx balls authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such including, without limitation damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these including limitations may not apply to you.

Revisions and Errata
the materials appearing on fx balls could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors without limitation. fx balls does not warrant that any of the materials are accurate, complete, or current. fx balls have its own will and may make changes to the materials at any time without notice. fx balls does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

Links
fx balls has not reviewed all of the sites linked to it and is not responsible for lame contents of any such linked site. the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by fx balls of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own fun.

Site Terms of Use Modifications
fx balls may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice ^^ By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use

Governing Law
Any claim relating to fx balls shall be governed by the laws of the King of France without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of an Art Piece.

Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. the following outlines our privacy policy.
1. We don't collect any personnal information (and we never will)
2. Files created or imported in fx balls will never go on any third party server (everything actually stay on your local machine)
3. We don't use any tracking third party apps like google analytics, twitter or facebook buttons
4. Chat's texts are not stocked anywhere, you can see only the current session, we don't even use databases
5. FUCK the CLOUD

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained forever.

Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach diz terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
 
By clicking 'Didn't Read Lol ^^', you are also acknowledging that fxballs may sew your mouth to the butthole of another fx balls user.
fxballs_sys and its subsidiaries may also, if necessary, sew yet another person's mouth onto your butthole, making you a being that shares one gastral tract.


